Relation provider                                                    Requirer                                            Interface                       Type         Message
aodh-hacluster:hanode                                                aodh-hacluster:hanode                               hacluster                       peer         joining  
aodh-mysql-router:shared-db                                          aodh:shared-db                                      mysql-shared                    subordinate  
aodh:cluster                                                         aodh:cluster                                        openstack-ha                    peer         
ceilometer-agent:nova-ceilometer                                     nova-compute:nova-ceilometer                        nova-ceilometer                 subordinate  
ceilometer-hacluster:ha                                              ceilometer:ha                                       hacluster                       subordinate  
ceilometer-hacluster:hanode                                          ceilometer-hacluster:hanode                         hacluster                       peer         
ceilometer:ceilometer-service                                        ceilometer-agent:ceilometer-service                 ceilometer                      regular      
ceilometer:cluster                                                   ceilometer:cluster                                  ceilometer-ha                   peer         
ceilometer:juju-info                                                 grafana-agent:juju-info                             juju-info                       subordinate  
ceph-mon:client                                                      cinder-backup:ceph                                  ceph-client                     regular      
ceph-mon:client                                                      cinder-ceph:ceph                                    ceph-client                     regular      
ceph-mon:client                                                      cinder:ceph                                         ceph-client                     regular      
ceph-mon:client                                                      glance:ceph                                         ceph-client                     regular      
ceph-mon:client                                                      gnocchi:storage-ceph                                ceph-client                     regular      
ceph-mon:client                                                      nova-compute:ceph                                   ceph-client                     regular      
ceph-mon:client                                                      prometheus-ceph-exporter:ceph                       ceph-client                     regular      
ceph-mon:dashboard                                                   ceph-dashboard:dashboard                            ceph-dashboard                  subordinate  
ceph-mon:juju-info                                                   grafana-agent:juju-info                             juju-info                       subordinate  
ceph-mon:juju-info                                                   telegraf:juju-info                                  juju-info                       subordinate  
ceph-mon:metrics-endpoint                                            prometheus:metrics-endpoint                         prometheus_scrape               regular      
ceph-mon:mon                                                         ceph-mon:mon                                        ceph                            peer         
ceph-mon:nrpe-external-master                                        nrpe:nrpe-external-master                           nrpe-external-master            subordinate  
ceph-mon:osd                                                         ceph-osd:mon                                        ceph-osd                        regular      
ceph-mon:prometheus                                                  cos-proxy:prometheus-target                         http                            regular      
ceph-mon:radosgw                                                     ceph-radosgw:mon                                    ceph-radosgw                    regular      
ceph-osd:juju-info                                                   grafana-agent:juju-info                             juju-info                       subordinate  
ceph-radosgw-hacluster:ha                                            ceph-radosgw:ha                                     hacluster                       subordinate  
ceph-radosgw-hacluster:hanode                                        ceph-radosgw-hacluster:hanode                       hacluster                       peer         
ceph-radosgw:cluster                                                 ceph-radosgw:cluster                                swift-ha                        peer         
ceph-radosgw:gateway                                                 cos-proxy:prometheus-target                         http                            regular      
ceph-radosgw:juju-info                                               grafana-agent:juju-info                             juju-info                       subordinate  
ceph-radosgw:juju-info                                               telegraf:juju-info                                  juju-info                       subordinate  
ceph-radosgw:nrpe-external-master                                    nrpe:nrpe-external-master                           nrpe-external-master            subordinate  
cinder-backup:backup-backend                                         cinder:backup-backend                               cinder-backup                   subordinate  
cinder-ceph:ceph-access                                              nova-compute:ceph-access                            cinder-ceph-key                 regular      
cinder-ceph:storage-backend                                          cinder:storage-backend                              cinder-backend                  subordinate  
cinder-hacluster:ha                                                  cinder:ha                                           hacluster                       subordinate  
cinder-hacluster:hanode                                              cinder-hacluster:hanode                             hacluster                       peer         
cinder-mysql-router:shared-db                                        cinder:shared-db                                    mysql-shared                    subordinate  
cinder:cinder-volume-service                                         nova-cloud-controller:cinder-volume-service         cinder                          regular      
cinder:cluster                                                       cinder:cluster                                      cinder-ha                       peer         
cos-proxy:downstream-grafana-dashboard                               grafana-dashboards:grafana-dashboard                grafana_dashboard               regular      
cos-proxy:downstream-grafana-dashboard                               grafana:grafana-dashboard                           grafana_dashboard               regular      
cos-proxy:downstream-prometheus-scrape                               prometheus-scrape:metrics-endpoint                  prometheus_scrape               regular      
cos-proxy:downstream-prometheus-scrape                               prometheus:metrics-endpoint                         prometheus_scrape               regular      
cos-proxy:juju-info                                                  grafana-agent:juju-info                             juju-info                       subordinate  
dashboard-mysql-router:shared-db                                     openstack-dashboard:shared-db                       mysql-shared                    subordinate  
easyrsa:client                                                       etcd:certificates                                   tls-certificates                regular      
etcd:cluster                                                         etcd:cluster                                        etcd                            peer         
etcd:db                                                              vault:etcd                                          etcd                            regular      
glance-hacluster:ha                                                  glance:ha                                           hacluster                       subordinate  
glance-hacluster:hanode                                              glance-hacluster:hanode                             hacluster                       peer         
glance-mysql-router:shared-db                                        glance:shared-db                                    mysql-shared                    subordinate  
glance:cluster                                                       glance:cluster                                      glance-ha                       peer         
glance:image-service                                                 cinder:image-service                                glance                          regular      
glance:image-service                                                 nova-cloud-controller:image-service                 glance                          regular      
glance:image-service                                                 nova-compute:image-service                          glance                          regular      
gnocchi-hacluster:ha                                                 gnocchi:ha                                          hacluster                       subordinate  
gnocchi-hacluster:hanode                                             gnocchi-hacluster:hanode                            hacluster                       peer         
gnocchi-mysql-router:shared-db                                       gnocchi:shared-db                                   mysql-shared                    subordinate  
gnocchi:cluster                                                      gnocchi:cluster                                     openstack-ha                    peer         
gnocchi:juju-info                                                    grafana-agent:juju-info                             juju-info                       subordinate  
gnocchi:juju-info                                                    nrpe:general-info                                   juju-info                       subordinate  
gnocchi:juju-info                                                    telegraf:juju-info                                  juju-info                       subordinate  
gnocchi:metric-service                                               ceilometer:metric-service                           gnocchi                         regular      
grafana-agent:grafana-dashboards-provider                            grafana-dashboards:grafana-dashboard                grafana_dashboard               regular      
grafana-agent:grafana-dashboards-provider                            grafana:grafana-dashboard                           grafana_dashboard               regular      
grafana-agent:juju-info                                              prometheus-juju-exporter:general-info               juju-info                       subordinate  
grafana-agent:peers                                                  grafana-agent:peers                                 grafana_agent_replica           peer         
keystone-hacluster:ha                                                keystone:ha                                         hacluster                       subordinate  
keystone-hacluster:hanode                                            keystone-hacluster:hanode                           hacluster                       peer         
keystone-mysql-router:shared-db                                      keystone:shared-db                                  mysql-shared                    subordinate  
keystone:cluster                                                     keystone:cluster                                    keystone-ha                     peer         
keystone:identity-credentials                                        ceilometer:identity-credentials                     keystone-credentials            regular      
keystone:identity-credentials                                        openstack-service-checks:identity-credentials       keystone-credentials            regular      
keystone:identity-credentials                                        prometheus-openstack-exporter:identity-credentials  keystone-credentials            regular      
keystone:identity-notifications                                      ceilometer:identity-notifications                   keystone-notifications          regular      
keystone:identity-notifications                                      openstack-service-checks:identity-notifications     keystone-notifications          regular      
keystone:identity-service                                            aodh:identity-service                               keystone                        regular      
keystone:identity-service                                            ceilometer:identity-service                         keystone                        regular      
keystone:identity-service                                            ceph-radosgw:identity-service                       keystone                        regular      
keystone:identity-service                                            cinder:identity-service                             keystone                        regular      
keystone:identity-service                                            glance:identity-service                             keystone                        regular      
keystone:identity-service                                            gnocchi:identity-service                            keystone                        regular      
keystone:identity-service                                            neutron-api:identity-service                        keystone                        regular      
keystone:identity-service                                            nova-cloud-controller:identity-service              keystone                        regular      
keystone:identity-service                                            openstack-dashboard:identity-service                keystone                        regular      
keystone:identity-service                                            placement:identity-service                          keystone                        regular      
loki-logging:logging                                                 grafana-agent:logging-consumer                      loki_push_api                   regular      
memcached:cache                                                      gnocchi:coordinator-memcached                       memcache                        regular      
memcached:cache                                                      nova-cloud-controller:memcache                      memcache                        regular      
memcached:cluster                                                    memcached:cluster                                   memcached-replication           peer         
memcached:juju-info                                                  nrpe:general-info                                   juju-info                       subordinate  
memcached:local-monitors                                             nrpe:local-monitors                                 local-monitors                  subordinate  
memcached:monitors                                                   cos-proxy:monitors                                  monitors                        regular      
memcached:nrpe-external-master                                       nrpe:nrpe-external-master                           nrpe-external-master            subordinate  
mysql-innodb-cluster:cluster                                         mysql-innodb-cluster:cluster                        mysql-innodb-cluster            peer         
mysql-innodb-cluster:coordinator                                     mysql-innodb-cluster:coordinator                    coordinator                     peer         
mysql-innodb-cluster:db-router                                       aodh-mysql-router:db-router                         mysql-router                    regular      
mysql-innodb-cluster:db-router                                       cinder-mysql-router:db-router                       mysql-router                    regular      
mysql-innodb-cluster:db-router                                       dashboard-mysql-router:db-router                    mysql-router                    regular      
mysql-innodb-cluster:db-router                                       glance-mysql-router:db-router                       mysql-router                    regular      
mysql-innodb-cluster:db-router                                       gnocchi-mysql-router:db-router                      mysql-router                    regular      
mysql-innodb-cluster:db-router                                       keystone-mysql-router:db-router                     mysql-router                    regular      
mysql-innodb-cluster:db-router                                       neutron-mysql-router:db-router                      mysql-router                    regular      
mysql-innodb-cluster:db-router                                       nova-mysql-router:db-router                         mysql-router                    regular      
mysql-innodb-cluster:db-router                                       placement-mysql-router:db-router                    mysql-router                    regular      
mysql-innodb-cluster:db-router                                       vault-mysql-router:db-router                        mysql-router                    regular      
neutron-api-hacluster:ha                                             neutron-api:ha                                      hacluster                       subordinate  
neutron-api-hacluster:hanode                                         neutron-api-hacluster:hanode                        hacluster                       peer         
neutron-api-plugin-ovn:neutron-plugin                                neutron-api:neutron-plugin-api-subordinate          neutron-plugin-api-subordinate  subordinate  
neutron-api:cluster                                                  neutron-api:cluster                                 neutron-api-ha                  peer         
neutron-api:neutron-api                                              nova-cloud-controller:neutron-api                   neutron-api                     regular      
neutron-mysql-router:shared-db                                       neutron-api:shared-db                               mysql-shared                    subordinate  
nova-cloud-controller-hacluster:ha                                   nova-cloud-controller:ha                            hacluster                       subordinate  
nova-cloud-controller-hacluster:hanode                               nova-cloud-controller-hacluster:hanode              hacluster                       peer         
nova-cloud-controller:cluster                                        nova-cloud-controller:cluster                       nova-ha                         peer         
nova-cloud-controller:juju-info                                      grafana-agent:juju-info                             juju-info                       subordinate  
nova-compute:cloud-compute                                           nova-cloud-controller:cloud-compute                 nova-compute                    regular      
nova-compute:compute-peer                                            nova-compute:compute-peer                           nova                            peer         
nova-compute:juju-info                                               grafana-agent:juju-info                             juju-info                       subordinate  
nova-compute:juju-info                                               nrpe:general-info                                   juju-info                       subordinate  
nova-compute:juju-info                                               ntp:juju-info                                       juju-info                       subordinate  
nova-compute:juju-info                                               telegraf:juju-info                                  juju-info                       subordinate  
nova-mysql-router:shared-db                                          nova-cloud-controller:shared-db                     mysql-shared                    subordinate  
nrpe:monitors                                                        cos-proxy:monitors                                  monitors                        regular      
ntp:ntp-peers                                                        ntp:ntp-peers                                       ntp                             peer         
openstack-dashboard-hacluster:hanode                                 openstack-dashboard-hacluster:hanode                hacluster                       peer         
openstack-dashboard:cluster                                          openstack-dashboard:cluster                         openstack-dashboard-ha          peer         
openstack-dashboard:juju-info                                        telegraf:juju-info                                  juju-info                       subordinate  
openstack-dashboard:website                                          cos-proxy:prometheus-target                         http                            regular      
openstack-service-checks:nrpe-external-master                        nrpe:nrpe-external-master                           nrpe-external-master            subordinate  
ovn-central:coordinator                                              ovn-central:coordinator                             coordinator                     peer         
ovn-central:ovsdb                                                    ovn-chassis:ovsdb                                   ovsdb                           regular      
ovn-central:ovsdb-cms                                                neutron-api-plugin-ovn:ovsdb-cms                    ovsdb-cms                       regular      
ovn-central:ovsdb-peer                                               ovn-central:ovsdb-peer                              ovsdb-cluster                   peer         
ovn-chassis:nova-compute                                             nova-compute:neutron-plugin                         neutron-plugin                  subordinate  
placement-hacluster:ha                                               placement:ha                                        hacluster                       subordinate  
placement-hacluster:hanode                                           placement-hacluster:hanode                          hacluster                       peer         
placement-mysql-router:shared-db                                     placement:shared-db                                 mysql-shared                    subordinate  
placement:cluster                                                    placement:cluster                                   openstack-ha                    peer         
placement:juju-info                                                  telegraf:juju-info                                  juju-info                       subordinate  
placement:placement                                                  nova-cloud-controller:placement                     placement                       regular      
prometheus-blackbox-exporter:blackbox-exporter                       cos-proxy:prometheus-target                         http                            regular      
prometheus-blackbox-exporter:dashboards                              cos-proxy:dashboards                                grafana-dashboard               regular      
prometheus-blackbox-exporter:juju-info                               telegraf:juju-info                                  juju-info                       subordinate  
prometheus-blackbox-exporter:nrpe-external-master                    nrpe:nrpe-external-master                           nrpe-external-master            subordinate  
prometheus-juju-exporter:juju-info                                   grafana-agent:juju-info                             juju-info                       subordinate  
prometheus-openstack-exporter:dashboards                             cos-proxy:dashboards                                grafana-dashboard               regular      
prometheus-openstack-exporter:juju-info                              grafana-agent:juju-info                             juju-info                       subordinate  
prometheus-openstack-exporter:juju-info                              telegraf:juju-info                                  juju-info                       subordinate  
prometheus-openstack-exporter:nrpe-external-master                   nrpe:nrpe-external-master                           nrpe-external-master            subordinate  
prometheus-openstack-exporter:prometheus-openstack-exporter-service  cos-proxy:prometheus-target                         http                            regular      
prometheus-openstack-exporter:prometheus-rules                       cos-proxy:prometheus-rules                          prometheus-rules                regular      
prometheus-receive-remote-write:receive-remote-write                 grafana-agent:send-remote-write                     prometheus_remote_write         regular      
rabbitmq-server:amqp                                                 aodh:amqp                                           rabbitmq                        regular      
rabbitmq-server:amqp                                                 ceilometer-agent:amqp                               rabbitmq                        regular      
rabbitmq-server:amqp                                                 ceilometer:amqp                                     rabbitmq                        regular      
rabbitmq-server:amqp                                                 cinder:amqp                                         rabbitmq                        regular      
rabbitmq-server:amqp                                                 glance:amqp                                         rabbitmq                        regular      
rabbitmq-server:amqp                                                 gnocchi:amqp                                        rabbitmq                        regular      
rabbitmq-server:amqp                                                 neutron-api:amqp                                    rabbitmq                        regular      
rabbitmq-server:amqp                                                 nova-cloud-controller:amqp                          rabbitmq                        regular      
rabbitmq-server:amqp                                                 nova-compute:amqp                                   rabbitmq                        regular      
rabbitmq-server:amqp                                                 telegraf:amqp                                       rabbitmq                        subordinate  
rabbitmq-server:cluster                                              rabbitmq-server:cluster                             rabbitmq-ha                     peer         
rabbitmq-server:juju-info                                            telegraf:juju-info                                  juju-info                       subordinate  
telegraf:dashboards                                                  cos-proxy:dashboards                                grafana-dashboard               regular      
telegraf:prometheus-client                                           cos-proxy:prometheus-target                         http                            regular      
telegraf:prometheus-rules                                            cos-proxy:prometheus-rules                          prometheus-rules                regular      
vault-hacluster:ha                                                   vault:ha                                            hacluster                       subordinate  
vault-hacluster:hanode                                               vault-hacluster:hanode                              hacluster                       peer         
vault-mysql-router:shared-db                                         vault:shared-db                                     mysql-shared                    subordinate  
vault:certificates                                                   aodh:certificates                                   tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   ceilometer:certificates                             tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   ceph-dashboard:certificates                         tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   ceph-radosgw:certificates                           tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   cinder:certificates                                 tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   glance:certificates                                 tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   gnocchi:certificates                                tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   keystone:certificates                               tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   mysql-innodb-cluster:certificates                   tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   neutron-api-plugin-ovn:certificates                 tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   neutron-api:certificates                            tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   nova-cloud-controller:certificates                  tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   openstack-dashboard:certificates                    tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   ovn-central:certificates                            tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   ovn-chassis:certificates                            tls-certificates                regular      
vault:certificates                                                   placement:certificates                              tls-certificates                regular      
vault:cluster                                                        vault:cluster                                       vault-ha                        peer         
vault:secrets                                                        ceph-osd:secrets-storage                            vault-kv                        regular      
vault:secrets                                                        nova-compute:secrets-storage                        vault-kv                        regular    